README.md, before:

<img src="/img/wordmark.png" alt="RainBot Logo" width="500"/>
<br />
RainBot is a work in progress, open-source Discord bot, designed to be fun, flexible and useful yet also able to complete tasks such as having the ability to execute moderation  commands.

# Why should I choose RainBot?
Figuring out which project your going to self host can always be a tricky task, we believe you should choose us for the following reasons.
## Flexibility
We are very flexible with our commands and they can easily be changed to your liking by simply finding the command you would like to change in the `/cogs` directory.
## Growing
RainBot is an open source project currently looking for volunteers to help make Rainbot special, this helps us grow overtime and constantly add new features.
## Support
Support is very easily able to be provided to yourself or others needing help with our code by simply joining our Discord server or opening an issue on github.

# Sounds great! Where do I start?
If you're looking to simply add the bot to your server, and do not want to self host, you're able to add the bot **[here](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=530899015898759199&permissions=8&scope=bot).** Otherwise, follow **[these steps](/github_stuff/tutorial.md)** on how to self host the bot.

Commit message:

Better grammar (README.md)
(\*) Making the readme easier to understand and have better grammar. 
(\*) Most hard to read and lengthy sentences have been shortened and/or changed.
(!) The reading level of the readme went from grade 7 to grade 5 making it very easy to understand.

README.md, after:

<img src="/img/wordmark.png" alt="RainBot Logo" width="500"/>
<br />
RainBot is a work in progress, open-source Discord bot, designed to be fun, flexible and useful yet also able to complete tasks such as having the ability to execute moderation  commands.

# Why should I choose RainBot?
Figuring out which bot you're going to self host can be a tricky task, that's why we believe you should choose us for the following reasons:
## Flexibility
Any command can be easily changed by editing the proper .py file in the `./cogs` directory.
## Growing
RainBot is an open source project currently looking for volunteers to help improve Rainbot. Due to the open source nature of this project, it's easier for us grow overtime and constantly add new features.
## Support
Recieveing support for this bot is a very easy task, just join our Discord server or open a new issue.

# Sounds great! Where do I start?
If you're looking to simply add the bot to your server (and would not like to self host,) you're able to add the bot **[here](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=530899015898759199&permissions=8&scope=bot).** Otherwise, follow **[these steps](/github_stuff/tutorial.md)** to host the bot yourself.
